The primary objective of this assignment is to develop and apply machine learning models to solve a classification task:

A simple classification problem involving numerical and categorical features.

These tasks is crucial in the field of machine learning, as it demonstrates the versatility of machine learning techniques in handling different types of data and solving real-world problems across various domains, such as finance, healthcare and computer vision.

Tasks
To effectively complete the assignment you must ensure that you complete the following tasks:

Load and preprocess the dataset for the classification problem (handle missing data, convert categorical features to numerical features).
Build a classifier for the classification problem using one of the specified models (logistic regression, decision trees, random forests, or artificial neural networks).
Fine-tune the selected model using appropriate techniques (eg, hyperparameter tuning, cross-validation, etc).
Visualise the dataset and / or the model's results, where applicable (eg, feature importance, confusion matrix, etc).
Report the final performance of the selected model using appropriate performance metrics (eg, accuracy, F1-score, etc).
Load and preprocess the dataset for the multi-label image-based digit classification problem (normalise pixel values, resize images if necessary, etc).
Build a convolutional neural network (CNN) model for the multi-label image-based digit classification task.
Fine-tune the CNN model using appropriate techniques (eg, hyperparameter tuning, cross-validation, etc).
Visualise the dataset and / or the CNN model's results, where applicable (eg, feature maps, learning curves, etc).
Report the final performance of the CNN model using appropriate performance metrics (eg, accuracy, F1-score, etc).
Collaborate within the team and decide on the best model (for classification) and CNN architecture (for digit recognition).
Submit the code as Jupyter Notebooks.

Dataset1:

There are 925 rows.
The var1, var2, var3, ... var7 columns are features, while the target column is the label that should
be predicted.
The var3, and var6 columns are categorical values.
The values of the var7 column are in datetime format.
The var1, var2, var4, and var5 columns are in numerical format.
The var4 column is missing around 600 data points.
